# Prologue

  You always think being burned alive could be the worst way to go. A slow burn consuming you, blinding your vision, leaving you wondering when when the final moments will happen. No one told us that silence would be a worse fate. For the last six hours we have been down here, waiting. We would have no sense of time if it were not for the faint glow of our watches -- the only light sources in the corridor. Behind us are the stairs we came down last night, spiraling up towards a hatch that cannot be opened until it's all over. Before us is a hearvy-set barrier that cannot be moved. At first we thought it was a solid wall, but after the first hour our eyes could spot the outlines of a door carved into the metal-like frame.
  We might have scorned our commander for making us wait in this crevice had we been any younger. Years of constant routines will make you used to assignments like this. To be honest, things could be worse for us. What really is killing me is the anxiety. We have no way of being contacted until the operation is over. 
  Looking down the hall I can see the dark masses of my squad, some of which have already resigned to sleep. We had been up since 2am of the previous day. With such preparations for our assignment, we were anticipating being deployed into a high-risk warzone. Instead, we are just on standby. 
  We are nearing the end of our projected timeframe. The Colonel should arrive soon. One upside of being hundreds of feet belowground is knowing that anyone who wants to get to you has to march down dozens of staircases. You will know when they are coming and they will be exhausted. Of course that means we were worn out when we first arrived. You would think that some of the finest soldiers in the USEF would be able to handle a few flights of stairs, but when we are loaded up with equipment three times our normal kit weight, your muscles will burn no matter how well conditioned you are.
  There was nothing special about our equipment at first, but when we met with the Colonel the night before, he had unloaded several metal chests off a truck. Waiting for us in the basement of the facility were 5 stainless crates that had strapped on them. We hauled them on our backs down through the hatch to where we are now. Even if we wanted to peek, we did not have any means to access their contents. From our inspection, we could not even find latches or keyholes to unlock the objects. We had no briefing or explanation for what we were doing here. All we had to go on was a timeframe. 
  I was about to rest, letting my eyes close to cut myself off from the rest of the world. The metallic clanks jarred us alert. The hatch was being opened. 
